doc: Update Requirements section in Bluetooth samples (#3343)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/llpm/README.rst

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf5340pdk_nrf5340_cpuapp_and_cpuappns,nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52dk_nrf52832

> The sample also supports other development kits running BLE Controller variants that support LLPM (see :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller` Proprietary feature support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also supports other development kits running Bluetooth LE Controller variants that support LLPM (see :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller` Proprietary feature support).
```

> The sample also supports other development kits running Bluetooth LE Controller variants that support LLPM (see :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller` Proprietary feature support).

Reviewer 2: Why the change to Bluetooth LE controller instead of SoftDevice controller?
Variants refers to variants of the SoftDevice controller, only the SoftDevice controller supports LLPM.
